# dot/clojoyeur

`A brief description`

Tool for searching Clojars (and potentially other collections of repositories) for various libs based on any field like description, name, author etc.
Allow organizing libs into groups for the user.
Allow generating `neil deps add ...` commands from the groups.

Operate by downloading lib data from clojars (and maven?) and storing it in a local graph DB

Maybe allow a background service to update the DB every hour or so, otherwise have updating the DB be a separate command.

The url to curl for the data is <http://clojars.org/repo/feed.clj.gz>

It returns a text file where each line is a clojure map, though its not a list of maps. The file will end up being around 13M. Can probably lazily process the file, each line being an entry into the DB.

Some prior art exists in the `neil` repo, here's a [commit](<https://github.com/babashka/neil/blob/d7e7c61d7849c9bfd052b81defa38b051f4d4f0e/src/babashka/neil.clj#L68>)

Prior art also exists [in this (5 year old) repo](https://github.com/hagmonk/find-deps).

(An example `mvn` query would be making a request to `https://search.maven.org/solrsearch/select?q=a:hiccup&rows=6&core=gav&wt=json`)

## Installation

Download from <https://github.com/dot/clojoyeur>

## Usage

FIXME: explanation

Run the project directly, via `:exec-fn`:

    $ clojure -X:run-x
    Hello, Clojure!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -X:run-x :name '"Someone"'
    Hello, Someone!

Run the project directly, via `:main-opts` (`-m dot.clojoyeur`):

    $ clojure -M:run-m
    Hello, World!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -M:run-m Via-Main
    Hello, Via-Main!

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    clojure -T:build test

Run the project's CI pipeline and build an uberjar (this will fail until you edit the tests to pass):

    clojure -T:build ci

This will produce an updated `pom.xml` file with synchronized dependencies inside the `META-INF`
directory inside `target/classes` and the uberjar in `target`. You can update the version (and SCM tag)
information in generated `pom.xml` by updating `build.clj`.

If you don't want the `pom.xml` file in your project, you can remove it. The `ci` task will
still generate a minimal `pom.xml` as part of the `uber` task, unless you remove `version`
from `build.clj`.

Run that uberjar:

    java -jar target/clojoyeur-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

If you remove `version` from `build.clj`, the uberjar will become `target/clojoyeur-standalone.jar`.

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections

### That You Think

### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2023 Dot

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `deps-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
